Move common models to core (#12216)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/formrecognizer/azure-ai-formrecognizer/CHANGELOG.md

## 1.0.0-beta.4 (Unreleased)
### Breaking Changes

> - Move `BoundingBox` and `Point` to `com.azure.core.model` package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Moved `BoundingBox` and `Point` to `com.azure.core.models.spatial` package.
```
